Update replication docs for InfluxDB 2.4 (#4343)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/v2.4/write-data/replication/replicate-data.md

    If you already have remote InfluxDB connections configured, you can use an existing connection. To view existing connections, run `influx remote list`.

2.  In your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS instance, use the
    `influx replication create` command to create a replication stream.
    
    **Provide the following:**    

    - Replication stream name
    - {{% oss-only %}}Remote connection ID{{% /oss-only %}}
    - {{% oss-only %}}Local bucket ID to replicate writes from{{% /oss-only %}}
    - {{% oss-only %}}Remote bucket name or ID to replicate writes to. If replicating to **InfluxDB Enterprise**, use the `db-name/rp-name` bucket name syntax.{{% /oss-only %}}
    - {{% cloud-only %}}Remote connection ID{{% /cloud-only %}}
    - {{% cloud-only %}}InfluxDB OSS bucket ID to replicate writes from{{% /cloud-only %}}
    - {{% cloud-only %}}InfluxDB Cloud bucket ID to replicate writes to{{% /cloud-only %}}

    ```sh
    influx replication create \

>       --name example-replication-stream-name \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --name REPLICATION_STREAM_NAME \
```

>       --remote-id 00xoXXXo0X0x \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --remote-id REPLICATION_REMOTE_ID \
```

>       --local-bucket-id Xxxo00Xx000o \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --local-bucket-id INFLUX_BUCKET_ID \
```

>       --remote-bucket example-remote-bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --remote-bucket REMOTE_INFLUX_BUCKET_NAME_OR_ID
```

Use the `influx replication list` command to view information such as the current queue size,
max queue size, and latest status code.

<!---------------------------------- END CLI ---------------------------------->

{{% /tab-content %}}
{{% tab-content %}}

<!--------------------------------- BEGIN API --------------------------------->

1.  Send a `POST` request to your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS  `/api/v2/remotes` endpoint to create a remote connection to replicate data to.

    {{< keep-url >}}
    <a href="/influxdb/v2.4/api/#operation/PostRemoteConnection">
    {{< api-endpoint endpoint="localhost:8086/api/v2/remotes" method="POST" >}}
    </a>

    Include the following in your request:  

    - **Request method:** `POST`
    - **Headers:**

>       - **Authorization:** `Token` schema with your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS [API token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Authorization:** `Token` scheme with your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS [API token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/)
```

      - {{% cloud-only %}}{{< req "\*" >}} **remoteURL:** [InfluxDB Cloud region URL](/influxdb/cloud/reference/regions/){{% /cloud-only %}}

    {{< keep-url >}}
    ```sh
    curl --request POST http://localhost:8086/api/v2/remotes \
      --header 'Authorization: Token INFLUX_OSS_TOKEN' \
      --data '{
        "allowInsecureTLS": false,
        "description": "Example remote description",
        "name": "Example remote name",
        "orgID": "INFLUX_OSS_ORG_ID",
        "remoteAPIToken": "REMOTE_INFLUX_TOKEN",
        "remoteOrgID": "REMOTE_INFLUX_ORG_ID",
        "remoteURL": "https://cloud2.influxdata.com"
      }'
    ```

    If you already have remote InfluxDB connections configured, you can use an
    existing connection. To view existing connections, use the `/api/v2/remotes`
    endpoint with the `GET` request method.

    {{< keep-url >}}
    <a href="/influxdb/v2.4/api/#operation/GetRemoteConnections">
    {{< api-endpoint endpoint="localhost:8086/api/v2/remotes" method="GET" >}}
    </a>

    Include the following in your request:

    - **Request method:** `GET`
    - **Headers:**

>       - **Authorization:** `Token` schema with your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS [API token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Authorization:** `Token` scheme with your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS [API token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/)
```

    - **Query parameters:**
      - **orgID:** {{% oss-only %}}Local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS organization ID

    {{< keep-url >}}
    ```sh
    curl --request GET \
      http://localhost:8086/api/v2/remotes?orgID=INFLUX_OSS_ORG_ID \
      --header 'Authorization: Token INFLUX_OSS_TOKEN' \
    ```

2.  Send a `POST` request to your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS 
    `/api/v2/replications` endpoint to create a replication stream.

    {{< keep-url >}}
    <a href="/influxdb/v2.4/api/#operation/PostRemoteConnection">
    {{< api-endpoint endpoint="localhost:8086/api/v2/remotes" method="POST" >}}
    </a>
    
    Include the following in your request:

    - **Request method:** `POST`
    - **Headers:**

>       - **Authorization:** `Token` schema with your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS [API token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Authorization:** `Token` scheme with your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS [API token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/)
```

{{< keep-url >}}
```sh
curl --request POST http://localhost:8086/api/v2/replications \
  --header 'Authorization: Token INFLUX_OSS_TOKEN' \
  --data '{
    "dropNonRetryableData": false,
    "localBucketID": "INFLUX_OSS_BUCKET_ID",
    "maxAgeSeconds": 604800,
    "maxQueueSizeBytes": 67108860,
    "name": "Example replication stream name",
    "orgID": "INFLUX_OSS_ORG_ID",
    "remoteBucketName": "REMOTE_INFLUX_BUCKET_NAME",
    "remoteID": "REMOTE_ID",
  }'
```

Once a replication stream is created, InfluxDB {{% oss-only %}}OSS{{% /oss-only %}}
will replicate all writes from the specified local bucket to the {{% oss-only %}}remote {{% /oss-only %}}
InfluxDB {{% cloud-only %}}Cloud {{% /cloud-only %}}bucket.
To get
information such as the current queue size, max queue size, and latest status
code for each replication stream, send a `GET` request to your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB  OSS `/api/v2/replications` endpoint.

{{< keep-url >}}
<a href="/influxdb/v2.4/api/#operation/GetReplications">
{{< api-endpoint endpoint="localhost:8086/api/v2/replications" method="GET" >}}
</a>

Include the following in your request:

- **Request method:** `GET`
- **Headers:**

>   - **Authorization:** `Token` schema with your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS [API token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Authorization:** `Token` scheme with your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS [API token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/)
```

Use the `influx replication list` command to view information such as the current queue size,
max queue size, and latest status code.

<!---------------------------------- END CLI ---------------------------------->

{{% /tab-content %}}
{{% tab-content %}}

<!--------------------------------- BEGIN API --------------------------------->

> 1.  In your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS instance, use
>     the `/api/v2/remotes` endpoint with the `POST` request method to create a
>     remote connection to replicate data to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Send a `POST` request to your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS  `/api/v2/remotes` endpoint to create a remote connection to replicate data to.
```

        "name": "Example remote name",
        "orgID": "INFLUX_OSS_ORG_ID",
        "remoteAPIToken": "REMOTE_INFLUX_TOKEN",
        "remoteOrgID": "REMOTE_INFLUX_ORG_ID",
        "remoteURL": "https://cloud2.influxdata.com"
      }'
    ```

    If you already have remote InfluxDB connections configured, you can use an
    existing connection. To view existing connections, use the `/api/v2/remotes`
    endpoint with the `GET` request method.

    {{< keep-url >}}
    <a href="/influxdb/v2.4/api/#operation/GetRemoteConnections">
    {{< api-endpoint endpoint="localhost:8086/api/v2/remotes" method="GET" >}}
    </a>

    Include the following in your request:

    - **Request method:** `GET`
    - **Headers:**
      - **Authorization:** `Token` schema with your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS [API token](/influxdb/v2.4/security/tokens/)
    - **Query parameters:**
      - **orgID:** {{% oss-only %}}Local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS organization ID

    {{< keep-url >}}
    ```sh
    curl --request GET \
      http://localhost:8086/api/v2/remotes?orgID=INFLUX_OSS_ORG_ID \
      --header 'Authorization: Token INFLUX_OSS_TOKEN' \
    ```

> 2.  In your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS instance, use the
>     `/api/v2/replications` endpoint to create a replication stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Send a `POST` request to your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB OSS 
    `/api/v2/replications` endpoint to create a replication stream.
```

      - {{% cloud-only %}}{{< req "\*" >}} **remoteBucketID:** InfluxDB Cloud bucket ID to replicate writes to.{{% /cloud-only %}}
      - {{% cloud-only %}}{{< req "\*" >}} **remoteBucketName:** InfluxDB Cloud bucket name to replicate writes to.{{% / cloud-only %}}
      - {{< req "\*" >}} **remoteID:** Remote connection ID

    {{% note %}}
`remoteBucketID` and `remoteBucketName` are mutually exclusive.
{{% oss-only %}}If replicating to **InfluxDB Enterprise**, use `remoteBucketName` with the `db-name/rp-name` bucket name syntax.{{% /oss-only %}}
    {{% /note %}}

{{< keep-url >}}
```sh
curl --request POST http://localhost:8086/api/v2/replications \
  --header 'Authorization: Token INFLUX_OSS_TOKEN' \
  --data '{
    "dropNonRetryableData": false,
    "localBucketID": "INFLUX_OSS_BUCKET_ID",
    "maxAgeSeconds": 604800,
    "maxQueueSizeBytes": 67108860,
    "name": "Example replication stream name",
    "orgID": "INFLUX_OSS_ORG_ID",
    "remoteBucketName": "REMOTE_INFLUX_BUCKET_NAME",
    "remoteID": "REMOTE_ID",
  }'
```

Once a replication stream is created, InfluxDB {{% oss-only %}}OSS{{% /oss-only %}}

> will replicate all writes to the specified bucket to the {{% oss-only %}}remote {{% /oss-only %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will replicate all writes from the specified local bucket to the {{% oss-only %}}remote {{% /oss-only %}}
```

InfluxDB {{% cloud-only %}}Cloud {{% /cloud-only %}}bucket.

> Use the `/api/v2/replications` endpoint with the `GET` request method to return
> information such as the current queue size, max queue size, and latest status
> code for each replication stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get
information such as the current queue size, max queue size, and latest status
code for each replication stream, send a `GET` request to your {{% oss-only %}}local{{% /oss-only %}} InfluxDB  OSS `/api/v2/replications` endpoint.
```
